stream: deprecate asIndexedPairs (#48102)
nodejs/node: doc/api/stream.md

added:
  - v17.5.0
  - v16.15.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/48102

>     description: Using the `asIndexedPairs` property emits a runtime warning that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: Using the `asIndexedPairs` method emits a runtime warning that
```

added:
  - v17.5.0
  - v16.15.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/48102

>     description: the `asIndexedPairs` property has been deprecated and will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: Using the `asIndexedPairs` property emits a runtime warning that it will be
```
```suggestion
    description: the `asIndexedPairs` property has been deprecated and will be
```

                  removed in a future version.
-->

> > Stability: 0 - Deprecated

Author: Shouldn't the doc represent the fact it is no longer experimental though?

> > Stability: 0 - Deprecated

Reviewer: Well my point is I'd like it to stay experimental.
